Update bandchain.js docs (#81)
bandprotocol/bandchain-docs: docs/custom-script/oracle-script/example.md

After we've filled the contents of `lib.rs` and `Cargo.toml`, let's compile the wasm program.

#### Manually add WebAssembly Support wasm32-unknown-unknown

> To manually add the wasm32-unknown-unknown target you will need to download it from the rust-lang website and put the contents in the correct folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If wasm32-unknown-unknown hasn't been added as a target, add it using the command below before attempting to compile.
```
